Moved distutils' doc for setup-keywords into our doc to document all supported keywords (#1765)
pypa/setuptools: docs/keywords.txt

    ``sys.argv[0]``

``script_args``
    A list of strings defining the arguments to supply to the setup script.

``options``
    A dictionary providing the default options for the setup script.

``license``
    A string specifying the license of the package.

``keywords``
    A list of strings or a comma-separated string providing descriptive
    meta-data. See: `PEP 0314`_.

.. _PEP 0314: https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0314/

``platforms``
    A list of strings or comma-separated string.

``cmdclass``
    A dictionary providing a mapping of command names to ``Command``
    subclasses.

``data_files``

    .. warning::
        ``data_files`` is deprecated. It does not work with wheels, so it
        should be avoided.

    A list of strings specifying the data files to install.

``package_dir``
    A dictionary providing a mapping of package to directory names.

``requires``

   .. warning::
      ``requires`` is superseded by ``install_requires`` and should not be used
      anymore.

``obsoletes``

   .. warning::
      ``obsoletes`` is not supported by ``pip`` and should not be used.

``requires``

   .. warning::

>       ``requires`` is not supported by ``pip`` and should not be used.

Reviewer: Should be ``provides`` instead, no?

Author: Ooops, you're right! Thanks!

>       ``provides`` is not supported by ``pip`` and should not be used.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't explain what these keywords *do*, and I also disagree with the idea that they "should not be used".

`provides` and `obsoletes` are actually valid keywords, they translate to [`Provides-Dist`](https://packaging.python.org/specifications/core-metadata/#provides-dist-multiple-use) and [`Obsoletes-Dist`](https://packaging.python.org/specifications/core-metadata/#obsoletes-dist-multiple-use), respectively.

It is true that `pip` does nothing with them, but this is very distinct from `requires`, which is actually deprecated in favor of `install_requires`. If these fields are included, what they do should be explained, possibly with a note that `pip` will not automatically do anything with this metadata.

    be installed when this one is.  See the section on :ref:`Declaring
    Dependencies` for details and examples of the format of this argument.

``entry_points``
    A dictionary mapping entry point group names to strings or lists of strings
    defining the entry points.  Entry points are used to support dynamic
    discovery of services or plugins provided by a project.  See :ref:`Dynamic
    Discovery of Services and Plugins` for details and examples of the format
    of this argument.  In addition, this keyword is used to support
    :ref:`Automatic Script Creation`.

``extras_require``
    A dictionary mapping names of "extras" (optional features of your project)
    to strings or lists of strings specifying what other distributions must be
    installed to support those features.  See the section on :ref:`Declaring
    Dependencies` for details and examples of the format of this argument.

``python_requires``
    A string corresponding to a version specifier (as defined in PEP 440) for
    the Python version, used to specify the Requires-Python defined in PEP 345.

``setup_requires``

    .. warning::

>         Using ``setup_requires`` is discouraged in favour for `PEP-518`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Using ``setup_requires`` is discouraged in favor of `PEP-518`_
```
